---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# The Awakening

In 2021, September, in a remote location in Romania, in a calm Autumn time with tree leaves that started to get their rusty skin, wind slowly blowing over the vast forest, everything was about to change. The humans dug out of the ground the first of the six thousand six hundred sixty six vampire ancient Runes. They were amazed by the stone's shape and writings and they were almost attracted to it. 

The Rune had been studied for almost a year in Romania, until one day when scientists decided to transfer the object to a laboratory in Geneva. This is when a drop of blood touched the Rune by accident. 

Little did they know that their action would actually start a world round rune wake. All the runes activated in an almost mystical way, at night watching the ground. From high above one could see glimmering lights, almost as small auroras on top of the places where the runes were buried and the humans started to dig all out being mesmerized by their mystical power which they did not understand. 

The runes’ activation was not the only mystical thing happening, the ancient vampires, the most pure of their bloodline, started to wake, deformed by the time they were asleep and imprisoned, hungry, mad and more powerful than ever. 

The ancient vampires broke out searching for their precious runes, they were now awake on a new earth. Humans evolved so much, technology was all over but the vampire rage was not a match. It didn't take long and the vampires brought gifts to their runes that they stole back from humans, leaving the latter questioning how that could happen. Humans never thought about the hidden part in their history, the vampires.

Through their rituals and runes, the ancient vampires succeeded to reviving fallen sons and daughters from different times in the history. They learned that the Runes’ power hasn't changed. Their thirst was still uncontrollable and the only way they could create more vampires was to transform their victims. They built their armies in the shadow, hidden from human sight, travelling underground and feeding at night. 

Soon, the battle for land was revived too. 

The fight for territory was about to start, the reclaim was beginning.
